# Assignment

This project is about a pastry company called Sherly's Cake. The aim of our company is to provide everybody to enjoy their pastry and making it affordable for all income people to purchase.

In this assignment, I have implemented features such as the home page, about page, contact, menu and order form. On the home page, when the user clicks the about on the navigation bar, it will bring the user to the about us and if the user click on the contact, it will bring the user to the contact to get in touch with the seller. Next, when the user clicks on the menu, it will bring them to the pastries page where users can see all the pastries available including the price and item code. Finally, when the user clicks on the order in the navigation pane, it will bring the user to the order form where they can order their pastries and checkout. After clicking checkout, there will be a thank you page including the user order id for reference.

When the user goes to the website, they will start from the index.html which is the main page for them to gain an overview about the company and they can find the contact details on the footer of the main page. After that, when the user wants to see the pastries available, they will click on the menu on the navigation bar. Once the user sees the item and got the item code, on that page below there is the "click there to order" where they can go to the order page and fill in their details such as name, contact, address, postal code, email, item, item quantity and any additional information. There will be a summary part on the bottom where it will display the order details and user can also enter promo code to get discounts. After that when the user clicks checkout, it will bring the user to the thank you page showing their order id for any reference.

In this assignment, I have created a few html, css and js. For the html, there is index, listofpastries,form and success. As for the css, there is style, pastries, order and success. Finally, for js there is indexscript, pastryscript and successscript. For the form, I did not create the js externally because there will be some issue with the order form if I do that.
